No one needs more Bucky Larson .
These Bucky Larson commercials look so dumb .
I'd rather watch tons of presidential campaign commercials instead of those Bucky Larson movie ads. annoying .
It's hard to imagine wanting to not see a movie as much as the trailers make me want to not see Bucky Larson .
The bucky larson movie looks as bad as george of the jungle 2 or shark night whatsbecomeofthefilmindustry 3Disnotanexcusetomakebadmovies .
Please make Bucky Larson go away. The trailers are just awful .
I don't know what a 'Bucky Larson' is... All I know is that I want it to stop .
Confession: I might vote for any Republican candidate who advocated executing Bucky Larson .
Anyone who wants to see Bucky Larson sucks .
Bucky larson is a stupid ass movie .
These fcking Bucky Larson commercials prove to me that there are a large majority of people on crack in the world .
That Bucky Larson movie looks retarted .
CANNOT STAND THE BUCKY LARSON COMMERCIALS! Ignorant as fuck .
Every time I see a Bucky Larson commercial, I wanna punch the tv. annoying .
Bucky Larson needs to disappear immediately. You can take Nick Swardson too if you must .
Judging strictly by the preview, 'Bucky Larson' could be one of the worst movies ever .
New mission in life: find that dickhead that does the Bucky Larson Born to be a star commercials and beat him .
Those of you annoyed at the stupid Bucky Larson commercials on breaks during RAW lately, fear not. plans to execute the cast .
This 'Bucky Larson' movie has got to be the stupidest idea of a movie known in the history of mankind. .
If I see another Bucky Larson commercial I'm gonna strangle a kitten .
As that fateful Sep. date crawls closer, I can't help but get angry at the terror & suffering inflicted on the world. Fuck you Bucky Larson .
If you willingly go see Bucky Larson & ya NOT on crystal Meth...KillYaself do you agree LOL .
Our review of BUCKY LARSON. It's as bad as it looks .
Trying to figure out at what point in my life I would have wanted to see this Bucky Larson movie. I can't think of one .
Bucky Larson looks absolutely retarded .
If I ever meet the guy from the 'Bucky Larson' commercial, I'll be seriously tempted to kick him in the nads .
I have never wanted a film to fail harder than Bucky Larson .
Beat Bucky Larson up with a lead pipe. ThingsIdRatherDoThanWatchBuckyLarson FuckYeahLeadPipes .
The guy talking during the bucky larson commercial is SO ANNOYING! .
Everything about these Bucky Larson movie trailers makes my skin crawl .
Frack me... how many people are tired of seeing that Bucky Larson commercial, it's on almost every 2nd commercial break.. .
Tht Movie Bucky Larson Look Dumb As Shitt .
IfIDieYoung it will be because of that stupid 'Bucky Larson' commericial. -__- .
I know what I'm doing this weekend...not seeing Bucky Larson .
Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star. I may just waste my money and time to see this stupid movie .
Bucky Larson born to be a star looks like it will be the dumbest movie to ever hit the earth .
Bucky Larson: Born To Be A Flop is a more appropriate name for that movie .
i can't stand the bucky larson commercials .
Bucky Larson will NOT be watched by me .

