The lion king is coming back to Toronto I must go I haven't seen it!!!!! seriously .
lion king might be more exciting. You already know the outcome to both though! .
Unless the lion king 3D is still in theaters...which I highly doubt .
I wanna watch abduction and the lion king! .
So sick and I'm so silly queuing for the lion king tickets  .
Ima go see the lion king by myself .
wouldn't know girl, neever seen the lion king .
What's the difference between the lion king and south central or the movie fresh .
About to see the lion king and I bought my Halloween costume today! .
Thy in here doin scenes from the lion king wtf! .
were deff going to see the lion king dontcareiwasntinvited .
who wants to go see the lion king 3D with me?? .
Dear new generation, The Lion King was during our generation, Just because it coming out in 3D doesn't make it yours. Sincerely the 90s kids .
About to look up the lyrics to the opening of the lion king .
The lion king in 3D! childhood .
So sad i never say the lion king in 3D ): .
Has the strongest desire to watch the power rangers or the Lion king. Mostly the ummmm....... cantchoose .
I wanna watch the lion king :) disneymovies .
Dolphin tale, is the lion king movie for handicap people .
Someone buy me the lion king .
Imma go home and watch the lion king who coming? Nobody....cool .
Hesitant to buy The Lion King on blu-ray...I've now had three different types of movie collections in my lifetime. Can we keep this one? .
why do companies feel the need to remake movies over and over again? the lion king has been out for ages now. .
thatawkwardmoment when your watching the lion king and scar is about to eat a mouse like did at DeAndra's house :D .
someone please go see the lion king with me :) .
better yet, someone take me and on a date to see the lion king in 3D please? .
i still want to see the lion king in 3D. who wants to go with me? .
I wanna watch the lion king now .
I need to see the lion king in 3d! someonetakeme favemovie .
Nahh cos I already know the lion king wins .
woohoo 'Hi, can I buy you a drink and bring you he to watch the lion king in 3D? ' *slap* no that wasn't slang !! .
i can't decide if i'm going to wal-mart at midnight for the lion king or not .
I want the lion king dvd .
definitely considering taking my baby to see Lion King 3D for his birthday on Friday instead of the homecoming game. .
Oh AND the lion king comes out on dvd tomorrow... finally beenwaitingsolong .
2 lion king or not 2 lion king? That is the question. meaninglessdilemmas .
Somebody take me see the lion king 3D. imbegging .
Newest collaboration: A short film about a cat lady aspiring to remake the Lion King with actual acting cats. Stay tuned .
Ima take my niece to see the lion king .
Whats the saddest movie between lion king,free willie,and radio? .
Is the lion king dvd only on blu ray or blu ray and dvd? .
Matthew Broderick would've been so successful if he wasn't typecast as 'Adult Simba' in The Lion King .
is that the lion king? .
Hope solo looks like a cross between an avatar and nala from the lion king. .
So I've come to accept the fact that I'm probably the only person my age who's NEVER seen Lion King .
Lmaooo I'm getting the lion king blu ray .
eating pizza and watching the lion king &gt; .
so why the fuck is lion king still in theaters it said it was only going to be here for two weeks .
And I wanna see the lion king .
look like the lion king! *dies laughing!* .
Why have I still not seen the lion king! .
Every time I see a lion king commercial it makes me want to watch the movie .
I need to find someone lika nala in the lion king .
Somebody need to buy me the lion king on Blu-RAY .
whos mufasa i know your not talking about the lion kingcodename .
Watching the lion king .