I went and saw Our Idiot Brother.... It was flippin funny! .
I heart Paul Rudd in Our Idiot Brother. He's such a nice hippie man .
Our Idiot Brother= Great Movie! Highly recommend it. Laughed, cried, great message .
You should go see Our Idiot Brother .
Our Idiot Brother...2 thumbs up. I heart Paul Rudd .
Yay! Our Idiot Brother was a great film. Funny and sweet. Officially crushing on Janet Montgomery .
and Our Idiot Brother was great! .
Our Idiot Brother (2011): Basically three bland indie romantic comedies made better by having Paul Rudd woven between them. (A Good Banana) .
500 days of summer, Its kind of a funny story, Our idiot brother, and the art of getting by favorite movies. must see .
in case you were wondering our idiot brother is that cute .
Really liked Our Idiot Brother! So funny & cute .
Our Idiot Brother was fantastic. I fucking love Paul Rudd .
Our Idiot Brother was a great film. Funny and sweet. Officially crushing on Janet Montgomery .
Our idiot brother pretty good movie :) .
Looking for a good movie? Check out Our Idiot Brother .
99 cent margaritas... Now watching Our Idiot Brother. Damn good night .
Saw Our Idiot Brother tonight. Good movie. Paul Rudd is a great actor .
I watched the movie our idiot brother yesterday. I can't understand overall English but It is So funny .
Our Idiot Brother was tight .
I am going to grow a beard like Paul Rudd from Our Idiot Brother this year .
Our idiot brother was pretty solid fear the beard .
caught Our Idiot Brother & dug it. made me think of my family...and how much they disown me. hit a little too close to home .
Just finished watching our idiot brother. LOL .
Our Idiot Brother was very funny and sweet, with an extremely attractive likable cast. Liked it way more than I thought I would .
Rasida Jones and Zooey Deschannel a lesbian couple in our idiot brother, my life is complete .
‘Our Idiot Brother’ Review: Paul Rudd leads an ensemble cast of comedic actors in 'Our Idiot Brother', a funny a.. .
Our Idiot Brother is a good movie...has a sundance film festival vibe to it...eyes got watery .
we're at our idiot brother now. Kayla says come back over and watch it again .
Just saw 'our idiot brother' pretty funny ! .
Our idiot brother is so funny. good movies .
Really enjoyed Our Idiot Brother tonight, even though it's possibly the only movie ever where Paul Rudd isn't sexy .
I recommend our idiot brother to everyone .
Just saw Our Idiot Brother Funny shit! .
Saw Our Idiot Brother. It's sweet, not hilarious, not amazing, but certainly charming .
I highly recommend seeing Our Idiot Brother with Paul Rudd Terrific movie! .
just saw Our Idiot Brother and loved it.
Our Idiot Brother was really funny. See it if you get a chance .
Our Idiot Brother is f-ing awesome .
Went and saw Our Idiot Brother today... pretty funny movie. Not raunchy, great cast, and it's Paul Rudd - overall entertaining .
our idiot brother is one of the best films i've seen in theaters in awhile .
I saw the movie Our Idiot Brother, funny, a bit disturbing .
Our idiot brother :) .
Just watched Our Idiot Brother! Pretty cool movie! Oh and Zooey .
Our Idiot Brother was a great film. Funny and sweet. Officially crushing on Janet Montgomery .
One word to describe Our Idiot Brother - Pleasant .
saw Our Idiot Brother.  Rashida Jones and Zooey Deschanel play a lesbian couple.  Why has no one else seen this movie yet?? .
I liked a video Taking You With Me (from the Our Idiot Brother Soundtrack) .
Omg our idiot brother is too freaking funny!!! .
I saw Our Idiot Brother last night and it was pretty good .
Our Idiot Brother brings serious back to funny .
Paul Rudd is awesome in Our Idiot Brother .
Our Idiot Brother was great. Every other comedy this year is bullshit compared to it. SEE IT!!! .
Our Idiot Brother....Hilarious! .
I know your a movie guy and ill go ahead and recommend our idiot brother to you!  If u like paul rudd you'll like it! .
Our Idiot Brother was good, clean Hipster fun. I feel like shopping at American Apparel now .
Saw Our Idiot Brother.  Pretty good flick .
Quite enjoyed Our Idiot Brother, it had a great moral, great cast, and Paul Rudd rocking the Jesus look! .
Our Idiot Brother a funny, sad and charming film .
i watched our idiot brother and i really enjoyed it - and i do hope that zooey deschanel followed me back on... .
Our Idiot Brother is a funny ass movie .
Saw Our Idiot Brother last night.  Good movie, not as much of a comedy as a nice story, but still good .
Really enjoyed Our Idiot Brother. Great work by Paul Rudd, Elizabeth Banks. More people should see this movie .
Our idiot brother was HILARIOUS! .
Go see Our Idiot Brother cause its hilarious and there's a dick in it .
Saw OUR IDIOT BROTHER tonight. I enjoyed it despite the monkey wrench ending .
our idiot brother's got a damn good message .
Our Idiot Brother was hilarious!! I fell in love with Paul Rudd's character .
Just got back from seeing Our Idiot Brother. (Great film. Go see it.) .
Just saw our idiot brother with colin and mike. So sweet!!!!!! .
Go see Our Idiot Brother! Spectacular .
our idiot brother is the shit .
OUR IDIOT BROTHER :) yay .
If that ballet chic in that one movie Our Idiot Brother named Tatyana wanted my number, I'd hook her up with it. hottie .
Our idiot brother!! See it!! .
Our Idiot Brother You should go see that shit .
I saw our idiot brother today....good movie .
Omg 'our idiot brother' is too freaking funny!!! :) .
@CHAZZYVH I saw Our Idiot Brother last night and it was pretty good. Rise of the Planet of the Apes is really good... .
Our idiot brother - I predict this will be good movietime .
Paul Rudd is awesome in 'Our Idiot Brother' .
Hell ya its funny saw it last weekend .
Our idiot brother was sooo good....explains alot about people .
Our Idiot Brother: Honesty is the best policy but sometimes the truth hurts. A movie as loveable as its protagonist .
Saw Our Idiot Brother with Adrianna, Cheyenne, Erin, and it was hilarious! .
Our Idiot Brother is a funny ass movie :D
Our Idiot Brother with and was awesome! I loved it! Go see it .
Go see Our Idiot Brother cause its hilarious and there's a dick in it .
Really enjoyed Our Idiot Brother. Great work by Paul Rudd,  .
I must say, our idiot brother gave me quite the chuckles at many a points .
Really enjoyed Our Idiot Brother. Great work by Paul Rudd. More people should see this movie .
our idiot brother was preee good .
Our Idiot Brother: pretty fucking good .
Rashida Jones kills it in Our Idiot Brother, btw .
our idiot brother was THE CUTEST movie .
Great movie 'Our Idiot Brother' .
@therealzooeyd I laHOVED Our Idiot Brother! 500 stars. Annnnd a partridge in a pear tree .
Our Idiot Brother was honestly THE BEST movie I've ever seen .
our idiot brother was so gooooood .
just saw Our Idiot Brother today. Awesome. Loved it! Rashida looked dapper and I wanted to hug Paul. loved your wardrobe! .
Loved Our Idiot Brother. Alot. I wish Ned was my brother. Or Paul was my lover .
Our idiot brother is the most hipster movie I have seen .
Btw I was watching Our Idiot Brother. Funny. Paul Rudd is awesome .
I concur! Everyone should go see Our Idiot Brother .
just watched 'our idiot brother'. i literally enjoyed every moment of the film. paul rudd was just wonderful as ned .
Great movie! 'Our Idiot Brother' on Slate .
Paul Rudd knocks it out of the park in 'Our Idiot Brother' was a blast watching him navigate that complete 180 of a character .
Our Idiot Brother = Awesome movie! .
Our Idiot Brother was really great. Even my dad liked it .
check out 'Our Idiot Brother'. One of the best movies I've seen in a while .
Just saw Our Idiot Brother. It was adorable .
Our Idiot Brother was a great movie! Had so much fun with today! We did Labor Day right-no work, all play! .
Our idiot Brother was SO funny! Will definitely be getting it on DVD when it comes out! .
OUR IDIOT BROTHER WAS SOOO GOOD! .
movie times Our Idiot Brother: Paul Rudd charms the critics ! .
@ElizabethBanks Loved your new movie OUR IDIOT BROTHER .
I just shouldn't watch movie trailers anymore. All the best parts of 'Our Idiot Brother' were in the previews! I still liked it though .
U have to see the movie our idiot brother .
Our Idiot Brother starring @paulruddd is tops! Don't wait to see it on DVD. See it now .
