im such a cry baby...every time I see anything for the Lion King Play I tears well up...lol smh... .
I fuckin love the Lion King. Hands down .
I want the lion king on DVD so bad. Haha I love that movie so much. &lt;3 .
I DO I love the Lion King .
NW the Lion King :))))))))) .
i love the lion king, my fav movie! .
the lion king performance for autism kids was a good move Disney .
Dude, the lion king's fucking awesome .
Lion King is by far the greatest movie&lt;3 .
Jus watched lion king in 3D..fuckin badass reminded me of being a child without a care in the world .
Wow! I love Lion King! Best movie in the world!!! :) Hakunamutata .
T-minus 2 hrs n 45 minutes away from the greatest animated movie of all time to come out on blu ray 'LION KING' HYPE .
Oh my goodness, The Lion King in 3D. This is the greatest news ever .
lion king is the best cartoon movie... .
you HAVE to see it! i've seen it in NYC 3 x's and would see it 100 more! .
I love the Lion King &lt;33333 .
I went and saw the lion king the other night. It was actually really good .
The Lion King on Blu-Ray?? ABSOLUTELY .
best fight i've ever saw : simba vs. scar in the lion king ! lol  .
i wanna put the lion king soundtrack back on my ipod! i have the cd from when i was like 5 ijustlovethosesongs .
the lion king comes out on dvd and blue-ray tomorrow gonna get it and watch it like its going out of style favoritemovieever .
So the Lion King made 11 mill.. An almost 20 year old movie comin bak to theaters styll makin $$ ..pretty badass ha .
The lion king was really one of my favorite child hood moviesss =] .
I LOVED the Lion King in 3D. {: .
Simba from the Lion King is still so freakin' cute! .
getting the lion king as soon as it comes out inlove .
I wish a marathon of like all the good Disney channel movies would come on . Like Beauty & the Beast , Snow White , Lion King , etc  .
I WANT TO SEE THE LION KING AGAIN ALREADY. And I just saw it again last week. .
the kid i sit next to in alg2 calls me 'mufasa' and the 'lion king' bc my hair looks like a lion mane.. kcool .
other than space jam.. the lion king has to be my favorite movie cantwaitfor3D .
Wow! I love Lion King! Best movie in the world!!! :) Hakunamutata .
the lion king will always be my favorite Disney movie :-D .
I love the 'Crazy Train' SUV commercial. Oh, and she loves the Lion King .
I LOVE THE LION KING &lt;3GETTING IT TOMORROW .
babe I'm so.glad u asked me to go see lion king with u...I had no idea u were man enough to let out the truth! lionkings 1fan .
Lion king! Loooove the classics! .
I love The Lion King as much as the next guy, but go see kill it in Moneyball .
My fav kid movies were: Aristocats, Lion King, and Pocahontas...mines was All Dogs Go to Heaven and the Fox and the Hound .
Ok I think im done quoting the lion king hehe. It was awesome of course. 
lion king obsessed 3 times in the last 24 hours .
Lion king 3D is the greatest movie I have ever seen in my entire life .
I'm gonna send you some somes from the lion king 2 and you'll get a jist of how amazing that movie is .
I'm gonna send you some somes from the lion king 2 and you'll get a jist of how amazing that movie is .
I really love the lion king. I cry everytime .
